My week went pretty much as anticipated below, with one addition. Sharon Thompson, Environmental Services Mgr. for UES   Welcome to UES  contacted be for a teleconference (28th) to review the details of the MOU. There was a meeting with the Regional President today and she is recommending the MOU be implemented. Nothing overnight, since, if approved, it will need to be bumped up to the corporate office. I met Sharon at a Manufacture Alabama event. 

See responses below.


From: Jim Forsythe 
Sent: Monday, January 26, 2026 8:11 AM
To: Tony Atchley <Tony.Atchley@columbiasouthern.edu>; Eric Severson <Eric.Severson@columbiasouthern.edu>
Subject: Monday Call

Good morning, 

My wife has an appointment with a Neurologist this morning at 9, so I may or may not be able to call in at some point. 

Here is my upcoming week as of today. 

Space Day in Tallahassee.
All the items below have been finalized, including delivery of the Space Operations Flyer. I have also sent a copy to all my contacts in Huntsville and let them know we would be in Tallahassee. Dress is business casual.
I have all the promotional materials packed except the Space Operations Flyer. Brittany has informed me that the final version is at the printer, however, I may need to take it to Office Depot and get copies prior to leaving next Monday morning. Once I get a copy, I will forward it to y’all. 

I have left a message for Lindsay regarding the Monday (2/3) reception dress code. I have attended some of these in the past and they were coat/tie attire. Will let you know. 

The only thing left is the lodging arrangements. Tony, can you confirm where we are staying? 

Pensacola Chamber Innovation/Entrepreneur Committee meeting. Due to schedule conflicts, I have not attended the past couple of months so I need to make an appearance. This is where I was initially introduced to Space Florida. 

Attended. The Chamber will be hosting a reception for small business owners to meet with others willing to be mentors, learn about government resources, etc. 

Doug Harwell for State Senate Reception. He is endorsed by Manufacture Alabama, Business Council of Alabama, and others. It is a meet/greet and not a fundraiser. I was invited by Airbus.
Attended. Former Mobile Mayor, Sandy Stimpson, was there to provide an endorsement. Sandy just completed his 2nd term in November and was a very popular Mayor. Lots of business & business organizations in support. 
 

Infirmary. I will be meeting at Infirmary Health to visit about how we can spread the word more effectively across their organization.
Went well. Bonny and I are talking about doing a joint tabletop, with her taking on the nurses and I will promote all the other programs. Dates have been submitted and waiting for their approval.

Tommy Tuberville, current US Senator and anticipated to be the next governor. Met him last week at the Mobile Chamber and have a meeting scheduled with his Regional Director regarding relevant CSU programs, value proposition, etc. This will happen tomorrow and be addressed next week.

Best of Baldwin. Attending this annual event recognizing the achievements of area organizations and businesses. Should be a good turnout of business leaders. 
This will happen tomorrow and be addressed next week.


 
Jim Forsythe 
	Business Development 
Columbia Southern University 
	800.977.8449 ext:1860 
	21982 University Lane | Orange Beach, AL 36561
	ColumbiaSouthern.edu


From: Jim Forsythe <Jim.Forsythe@columbiasouthern.edu> 
Sent: Thursday, January 8, 2026 4:22 PM
To: Tony Atchley <Tony.Atchley@columbiasouthern.edu>; Eric Severson <Eric.Severson@columbiasouthern.edu>
Subject: Jim-Weekly Summary-1/8/2026

Attended the Bay Minette “State of the City” with newly elected Mayor Josh Brown. Opportunity to spend a little time with some of the Novelis folks, the president of Infirmary North and the GM of International Paper of Bay Minette. 

Attended SW Mobile County Chamber. 

Several follow up phone calls/emails with LP and TP.

Visited with a prospective LP that came from a referral at Hyundai MOBIS.

Meeting on marketing materials for distribution regarding the Space Op program 

Marketing meeting on a promotional piece for publication in the Chamber of Commerce newsletters. 

Started discussion/planning for Montgomery Space Day in March. 



