From: Tony Atchley <Tony.Atchley@columbiasouthern.edu> 
Sent: Friday, January 2, 2026 10:24 AM
To: Amy Ross <Amy.Ross@columbiasouthern.edu>
Cc: Eric Severson <Eric.Severson@columbiasouthern.edu>
Subject: BD Weekly Update - 1/2/26

•	Duane Brown 
o	Benefit Company Year-End Review and 2026 Strategic Planning – Duane continued 2025 year end wrap up and 2026 planning.  Final invoices were submitted for payment for Corestream/Paychecks.  2026 Placements for BenefitHub for December and January were reviewed and approved, 
•	Jim Forsythe
o	Space Florida and Huntsville/Montgomery Chambers - There are upcoming Space Day events in Tallahassee (February) and Montgomery (March) that Jim is working to participate in.  Tony is planning to attend as well.  
•	Tony Atchley
o	Strategic Partnership Development
	CTR/CSU Update – Eric and Tony are working to schedule joint CTR/CSU visits in January to Austal and Ingalls.  These visits will serve to further the joint CTR/CSU partnership initiative under development.
o	Industry Activity
	Maritime - Tony had a call with Bobby Oberlachner (CSU Maritime curriculum developer/instructor) discussing the 2026 academic for Maritime course offerings.  Additionally, discussed related Maritime industry organizations and associations for targeting in 2026.  

Business Development
Weekly Update
January 30, 2026


•	Duane Brown
o	Duane was out sick with the flu Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday this week.
o	Administrative Activities
	Duane, Tony, and Eric held a Zoom call to discuss Omega and how Business Development can utilize Omega’s reporting features to pull structured numerical data for Eric’s ongoing needs. This conversation centered on identifying which reports are most relevant, how to streamline access, and the best method for incorporating Omega data into regular updates.
	The team also reviewed multiple AI platforms that Business Development will leverage to create sample landing pages and supporting verbiage. These tools are intended to accelerate the development of internal mockups that can be shared with the Marketing department, with the goal of providing clearer direction, content foundations, and layout concepts that Marketing can refine for final execution.
•	Jim Forsythe
o	Chamber Activity
	Attended Pensacola Chamber Innovation/Entrepreneur Committee meeting.
	Attended the Pensacola Chamber reception for small business owners to meet with others willing to be mentors, learn about government resources, etc. 
	Attended the Mobile Chamber Doug Harwell for State Senate Reception. He is endorsed by Manufacture Alabama, Business Council of Alabama, and others. It is a meet/greet and not a fundraiser. I was invited by Airbus.  Former Mobile Mayor, Sandy Stimpson, was there to provide an endorsement. Sandy just completed his 2nd term in November and was a very popular Mayor. Lots of business & business organizations in support. 
	Met Tommy Tuberville (current US Senator and anticipated next AL Governor) last week at the Mobile Chamber and have a meeting scheduled with his Regional Director regarding relevant CSU programs, value proposition, etc. 

o	Partnering Activity 
	Infirmary Health – Met with Infirmary Health to visit about how we can spread the word more effectively across their organization.  Went well. Bonny and I are talking about doing a joint tabletop, with her taking on the nurses and I will promote all the other programs. Dates have been submitted and waiting for their approval.
	UES - Sharon Thompson, Environmental Services Mgr. contacted me for a teleconference on 1/28 to review the details of our MOU.  A follow-on meeting with the Regional President is scheduled for Thursday to recommend the MOU be implemented. 

o	Space Ops 
	Confirmed everything for Space Florida Day in Tallahassee including delivery of the Space Operations Flyer.  Also sent a copy to all contacts in Huntsville and let them know we would be in Tallahassee. 
•	Tony Atchley
o	Partnering Activity
	Space Florida – Preparations were finalized to attend Space Day in Tallahassee next week.  
	HASC – Having just renewed our annual sponsorship with HASC, connected with HASC leadership to request an in person meeting within the next 2 months to discuss collaboration and partnership growth opportunities.  Key points of conversation will be 1.) Highlighting our recent program growth in Maritime, Healthcare and Space, 2.) Discussion of HASC’s regional growth and the opportunities to expand our partnership reach, 3.) Ways in which to best utilize and maximize our sponsorship assets.  I will see them at the Tailgate event next week and will be re-enforcing this message.
•	I also inquired about being an auditor with IBR as part of the Annual HASC Safety Awards.  The logistics of this may not be feasible but I’m inquiring just the same as this may be an easy foot in the door and way of seeing/engaging with a number of large organizations in a relatively short timeframe.  

o	Academic Collaboration
	Insurance Curriculum Development
•	Connected with Stakeholder, Carl Schnieder, with the following appeal.
I’m reaching out to follow-up our conversations in Biloxi at the Disaster Leadership Conference.  My apologies for the delayed outreach as I had some surgery that had me out for the second half of November and all of December.  Following up, I truly hope to gather more insurance industry insight and need as it relates to training and education.  I believe you may already have this information, but I’ve attached for your reference the information Dr. Jones provided as the starting point for what CSU Academics identified from initial discussions.   
Below are key takeaways I gathered from the conference and from follow-on discussions.  In support of identifying the scope of a “go to market” program, I would greatly appreciate any feedback you can provide on each of these points.

•	There was much discussion around fortified construction during sessions and in sidebar conversations.  Having spent a little time in the industry, I am personally a big believer and fan of fortified construction.  I know you have a tremendous passion for it as well and, with your help, I was hoping to follow-up with David O’Neill about the fortified project he has going on Houston.  I see the potential for digitally printed housing construction holding tremendous promise for both the construction and insurance industries.  With David having a home near me in Pensacola, I would love to align with him and his efforts if he so inclined.  Near-term, I have a potential trip into Houston late next week and my thought was to take advantage of being there to see his project firsthand.  If you see this as a possibility, please let me know by the end of this week so I can finalize travel plans?  
•	Fortified construction bridges over into the world of Safety and, at CSU, we have a Safety curriculum that is second to none.  I feel it would be great to at least have conversation around this having application for your industry.  It is somewhat already incorporated under Risk Management, but it could potentially be expanded upon.  
•	Is there an angle/opportunity/need to be involved with the IBHS Research Center – Insurance Institute for Business & Home Safety ?  I’m interested to know if they have any involvement with higher education.  Is there a plan to construct a digitally printed home at the Institute for testing purposes?  Additionally, beyond construction but related, CSU has recently launched a Wildland Fire concentration under our Fire/EMS program….could there be application here?  
•	If the fortified initiative has merit, I would love to connect further with Brian Powell and Mark Fowler.  With fortified having its start in Alabama and our institutional alignment there, it would be great to collaborate with the two of them.  
•	I wanted to thank you for the recommendation to Randy Davis for us to connect with Bill Jacka.  We did, and he provided great education/training insight and perspective.  Among his recommendations, he really liked the ideas I described above surrounding fortified construction.  He also stressed the concept of a “Producer School” (Policy Reading and Understanding, Financial Statement Reading and Understanding).  He coined the labeling of the industry professionals that would be developed under our programs as “Financial First Responders”.  I can’t stress enough how the concept of Financial First Responders would resonate at CSU as an extension of what we offer to curriculum-wise to the public safety community (Fire/EMS, Emergency Management, Criminal Justice).  
•	Lastly, it would be great to have your recommendation for Insurance Industry Conferences that we should consider attending in 2026 as we look to insert into the ecosystem.  

Carl, my plan is to summarize all findings back to our academic team to ensure alignment and to support further conversation.  I look forward to the opportunities ahead.
	CTR/Signal Mutual/CSU Developments 
•	Arrangements had been made for Eric and Tony to meet with CTR next week in Mobile to support continued partnering efforts, but this was postponed due to scheduling conflicts.  Attempts to reschedule are underway.  
	LVT 
•	Looking to take advantage of Misti, Tamara, and Eric being with me in Utah for the upcoming S3 Summit, connected with LVT leadership about carving out meeting time for partnership strategy discussions during the Summit.  Awaiting response.  

o	Other 
	Rural Healthcare – Not sure if this has potential to go anywhere but wanted to get it on the radar.  Had lengthy discussions with Randy Davis about the federal funding ($50B) that has been appropriated to all states to support Rural Hospitals.  Over 5 years, as I understand it, all 50 states are receiving a minimum of $100M annually (AL receiving $203M this year) with 75% directed at education.  In a nutshell, rural hospitals are essentially becoming ER’s and will primarily serve in a “stabilize and transport” role.  Alabama specifically (unsure about other states) is pushing these funds to the facilities to basically retool operations.  Technology (e.g. Informatics) and EMS will be at the education core.  I’m thinking it would be worthy of further conversation to determine if it is something we chase at the BD level.    

